README.md, before:

# OmniAuth Jama Connect

Jama Connect OAuth2 Strategy for OmniAuth

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'omniauth-jama-connect'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install omniauth-jama-connect

## Usage

Here's a quick example for adding the middleware to a Rails application (in `config/initializers/omniauth.rb`):

```ruby
Rails.application.config.middleware.use OmniAuth::Builder do
  provider :jama_connect, ENV["JAMA_CONNECT_CLIENT_ID"], ENV["JAMA_CONNECT_CLIENT_SECRET"], host: "https://YOUR_COMPANY.jamaland.com"
end
```

This will add an endpoint to your application at `/auth/jama_connect` that will being the OAuth flow.

In the callback controller, you can find the `token` and `refresh_token` on the Hash: `request.env['omniauth.auth']['credentials']`. Store these values for subsequent requests to the Jama Connect API.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/JamaSoftware/omniauth-jama-connect.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add note about CLIENT_ID and SECRET in README.md

README.md, after:

# OmniAuth Jama Connect

Jama Connect OAuth2 Strategy for OmniAuth

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'omniauth-jama-connect'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install omniauth-jama-connect

## Usage

Here's a quick example for adding the middleware to a Rails application (in `config/initializers/omniauth.rb`):

```ruby
Rails.application.config.middleware.use OmniAuth::Builder do
  provider :jama_connect, ENV["JAMA_CONNECT_CLIENT_ID"], ENV["JAMA_CONNECT_CLIENT_SECRET"], host: "https://YOUR_COMPANY.jamaland.com"
end
```

This will add an endpoint to your application at `/auth/jama_connect` that will being the OAuth flow.

In the callback controller, you can find the `token` and `refresh_token` on the Hash: `request.env['omniauth.auth']['credentials']`. Store these values for subsequent requests to the Jama Connect API.

**Note:** The `JAMA_CONNECT_CLIENT_ID` and `JAMA_CONNECT_CLIENT_SECRET` values mentioned in the above example are NOT the same values that you would receive through the "Set API Credentials" Web interface. Those credentials do not have the proper authorization to administer authorization codes or refresh tokens against the Jama Connect OAuth system. Instead, you must contact Jama Software to setup an OAuth client, and they will provide you these values.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/JamaSoftware/omniauth-jama-connect.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
